DAZHI PENG: Hi, Jeffrey and a Union. Let's talk about the data scribing project that you guys have all this project coming along.
Jeffrey Feng: Hi, Dodger, we're a bit stuck with scraping some of the websites on our list. Some of them are dynamic, and I couldn't get the data we need.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, I know new to this task, so I was wondering if you could help us out.
DAZHI PENG: Of course I will be happy to help, or specifically do you need help with.
Jeffrey Feng: Well, many websites seem dynamic, so I was not able to figure out what to do to scrape them.
Jeffrey Feng: I used a few python libraries, but they are not returning me. What I want
DAZHI PENG: have you ready into the
Jeffrey Feng: I have not
DAZHI PENG: Solution is the software testing framework used to automate web browsers. It can similarly use their interactions with the website by from automated testing to check for
DAZHI PENG: performance issues in the functionality. Try it for some of the website you were talking about.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, how should I get started with that?
DAZHI PENG: You can start with documentation. Jeffrey. First to breathe a little with documentation as your first half.
Jeffrey Feng: Okay.
Yooni Choi: So, Jeffrey, have you been using the beautiful soup library?
Jeffrey Feng: Yes, that's one of the Python libraries that I've been using?
Yooni Choi: I kept having installation issues. I don't know what is the issue? My python version might be too old, Jeffrey. Would you be able to help me with installation as another task?
Jeffrey Feng: I will help you with that. But you need. Can we also update your python environment before that. I think this is the important task. Before I look into anything
Yooni Choi: that would be great. Thank you.
DAZHI PENG: Yeah, you are just waiting for the meeting. Now you name. I think you can ready into the doable soups documentation. Well, Jeffrey, that is, app
Yooni Choi: sounds good to me. I will make sure. I read that
DAZHI PENG: good Jeffrey last individual task for you. Could you create a data branch? I think by doing that we can track the progress of this project.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I can do that
DAZHI PENG: all right. Sorry to overwhelm you with tasks. But before you guys go, Jeffrey, and a unique. Could you to make sure to report the programs tomorrow to me again?
Jeffrey Feng: Sure
Yooni Choi: sounds good, Jeffrey. Can you schedule a meeting with me later, so you can explain your previous code to me. I want to make sure I understand it.
Jeffrey Feng: Yeah, that sounds good. I'll take this at my task. Lots of to do for this project, but I will manage that.
Jeffrey Feng: That you. What would you do if we run into further issues? Can you add the new member to the team to help out with the project after this.
DAZHI PENG: Yeah, I will go ahead and do this. Thank you for the reminder. I will send you all updates in a week.
Yooni Choi: Thanks, Dr.